Fixes #30669 - Removing puppetrun options (#618)
theforeman/puppet-foreman_proxy: README.md

| Module version | Proxy versions | Notes                                               |
|----------------|----------------|-----------------------------------------------------|

> | 16.x           | 2.6 and newer  | Dropped puppetrun options for installer             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 16.x           | 2.3 and newer  | See compatibility notes in its README for 2.0-2.2   |
```

Then note below that the puppetrun providers can't be used anymore.
